README.md, before:

# Awesome Unfinished [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)  


>A curated list of awesome but forever unfinished works and projects. 


Unfinished refers to any awesome work or project that can be consumed but can _**never**_ be completed.   This can refer to a TV show, a book series, a symphony, a video game, or any other substantial effort that was at least partially avaiable to the public or community but all further work has been halted permanently.  

Unfinished is *not* any work or project that is still in development, has activity upstream or downstream, is related to a book series where the author is still alive, or any other situation where the possibility for that work or project to resume activity in its current state still exists.  

If you are unsure if something is actually unfinished just submit an [issue](https://github.com/Zorziel/awesome-unfinished/issues) and we'll help investigate!


---


## Content

- [Books](#books)
- [Games](#games)
- [Music](#music)
- [TV Shows](#tv-shows)


### Books

- [Der Process (The Trial)](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17690.The_Trial) *by [Franz Kafka](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franz_Kafka)* **[3.96]**- The terrifying tale of Josef K., a respectable bank officer who is suddenly and inexplicably arrested and must defend himself against a charge about which he can get no information.  ![Reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Death%20of%20Author-brown?style=plastic)



### Games


### Music

- [Requiem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Requiem_(Mozart)) (1791) *by [Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart)* - The Requiem in D minor, K. 626, is a requiem mass by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Mozart composed part of the Requiem in Vienna in late 1791, but it was unfinished at his death on 5 December the same year. ![Reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Death%20of%20Composer-brown?style=plastic)



### TV Shows

- [Dark Matter](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4159076) (2015-2017) **[7.5]** - Six people wake up on a spaceship with no memory of who they are or their past, only to learn that they're the most wanted and dangerous assassins in the galaxy. This show also had one of the best android characters in the aughts television. ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Show%20Cancelled-red.svg?style=plastic) ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Assets%20Sold-purple.svg?style=plastic) ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Sets%20Destroyed-orange.svg?style=plastic) 

- [Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4047038/) (2016-2017) **[8.2]** - This Elijah Wood-lead take on the Douglas Adams novel series was quirky, fun, engaging, and only got better with each new episode.  ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Lost%20Popularity-blue.svg?style=plastic)

- [Firefly](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0303461/) (2002-2003) **[9.0]** - Gripping, clever, fun space western that still holds up today, regardless of Joss Whedon's involvement. ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Production%20Error-orange.svg?style=plastic)  

- [Happy!](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2452242/) (2017-2019) **[8.2]** -  An injured hitman befriends his kidnapped daughter's imaginary friend - a perky blue flying unicorn. ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Show%20Cancelled-red.svg?style=plastic) 

- [The Order](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8295472) (2019-2020) **[6.8]** - Brighter, more action-oriented, and better acted than The Magicians, this "magic is real" show also has warewolves.  ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Show%20Cancelled-red.svg?style=plastic) 






## Contributing 
All [feedback](https://github.com/Zorziel/awesome-unfinished/issues) and [contributions](CONTRIBUTING.md) are welcome.  


## Other Lists

- [Awesome Sci-Fi](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme) - Sci-Fi worth consuming.
- [Awesome Fantasy](https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme) - Fantasy literature worth reading.
- [Awesome Uncopyright](https://github.com/johnjago/awesome-uncopyright#readme) - Public domain works.
- [Creative Commons Media](https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme) - Creative Commons licensed media.

Commit message:

Added Treaty of Paris
Added the painting "Treaty of Paris"

README.md, after:

# Awesome Unfinished [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)  


>A curated list of awesome but forever unfinished works and projects. 


Unfinished refers to any awesome work or project that can be consumed but can _**never**_ be completed.   This can refer to a TV show, a book series, a symphony, a video game, or any other substantial effort that was at least partially avaiable to the public or community but all further work has been halted permanently.  

Unfinished is *not* any work or project that is still in development, has activity upstream or downstream, is related to a book series where the author is still alive, or any other situation where the possibility for that work or project to resume activity in its current state still exists.  

If you are unsure if something is actually unfinished just submit an [issue](https://github.com/Zorziel/awesome-unfinished/issues) and we'll help investigate!


---


## Content

- [Books](#books)
- [Games](#games)
- [Music](#music)
- [TV Shows](#tv-shows)


### Books

- [Der Process (The Trial)](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17690.The_Trial) *by [Franz Kafka](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franz_Kafka)* **[3.96]**- The terrifying tale of Josef K., a respectable bank officer who is suddenly and inexplicably arrested and must defend himself against a charge about which he can get no information.  ![Reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Death%20of%20Author-brown?style=plastic)



### Games


### Music

- [Requiem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Requiem_(Mozart)) (1791) *by [Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart)* - The Requiem in D minor, K. 626, is a requiem mass by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Mozart composed part of the Requiem in Vienna in late 1791, but it was unfinished at his death on 5 December the same year. ![Reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Death%20of%20Composer-brown?style=plastic)


### Paintings

- [Treaty of Paris](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Paris_(painting)) (1783) *by [Benjamin West](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benjamin_West)* - This painting depicts the United States delegation preparing to further negotiate and sign the 1783 Treaty of Paris and formally end the American Revolutionary War. Before ending the American Revolution, John Jay, John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, Henry Laurens, and William Temple Franklin posed for the painting. The British delegation refused to pose, and the painting was never completed. ![Reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-End%20of%20Revolutionary%20War-brown?style=plastic)

### TV Shows

- [Dark Matter](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4159076) (2015-2017) **[7.5]** - Six people wake up on a spaceship with no memory of who they are or their past, only to learn that they're the most wanted and dangerous assassins in the galaxy. This show also had one of the best android characters in the aughts television. ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Show%20Cancelled-red.svg?style=plastic) ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Assets%20Sold-purple.svg?style=plastic) ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Sets%20Destroyed-orange.svg?style=plastic) 

- [Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt4047038/) (2016-2017) **[8.2]** - This Elijah Wood-lead take on the Douglas Adams novel series was quirky, fun, engaging, and only got better with each new episode.  ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Lost%20Popularity-blue.svg?style=plastic)

- [Firefly](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0303461/) (2002-2003) **[9.0]** - Gripping, clever, fun space western that still holds up today, regardless of Joss Whedon's involvement. ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Production%20Error-orange.svg?style=plastic)  

- [Happy!](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt2452242/) (2017-2019) **[8.2]** -  An injured hitman befriends his kidnapped daughter's imaginary friend - a perky blue flying unicorn. ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Show%20Cancelled-red.svg?style=plastic) 

- [The Order](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8295472) (2019-2020) **[6.8]** - Brighter, more action-oriented, and better acted than The Magicians, this "magic is real" show also has warewolves.  ![reason](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reason-Show%20Cancelled-red.svg?style=plastic) 






## Contributing 
All [feedback](https://github.com/Zorziel/awesome-unfinished/issues) and [contributions](CONTRIBUTING.md) are welcome.  


## Other Lists

- [Awesome Sci-Fi](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome-scifi#readme) - Sci-Fi worth consuming.
- [Awesome Fantasy](https://github.com/RichardLitt/awesome-fantasy#readme) - Fantasy literature worth reading.
- [Awesome Uncopyright](https://github.com/johnjago/awesome-uncopyright#readme) - Public domain works.
- [Creative Commons Media](https://github.com/shime/creative-commons-media#readme) - Creative Commons licensed media.
